Document content api 'resolveEmptyRegions' param #502 (#503)
enonic/doc-xp: docs/release/upgrade.adoc

* Content API no longer reads Page/Layout descriptors to determine regions for every fetched content.
Regions are built from `components` array in content data. This changes the behaviour for regions with no component assigned.

> Rendering engine is now responsible for reconstructing unused regions from Page/Layout descriptors. In `7.13.1` you can bring back the old deprecated behaviour on demand by using `resolveEmptyRegions` parameter in the <<deployment/config#_content, content config>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rendering engine is now responsible for reconstructing unused regions from Page/Layout descriptors.

IMPORTANT: In `7.13.1` you can bring back the old deprecated behaviour making Content API inject empty regions by setting `resolveEmptyRegions` parameter to `true` in the <<deployment/config#_content, content config>>.
```
